all right we're going to place the
headlight bulbs OAM ones with these
Osram h 11s night breaker i'm limited's
$43 on ebay set those off to the side
we're gonna be looking at is it's a
little big turn knob down here just
gonna turn it that comes out and then
inside you got the regular bulb so you
just wanna
pinch the gray pull down that comes on
plum they just gotta turn the bulb
there's the stock one and see a little
bit different they have blue
I'm just remembering the semi
orientation just to get back in the hole
turn it till it stops it's back in there
and we'll grab the gray plug
it's plugged in cap really doesn't have
an orientation just there's four little
tabs on it so it's gotta make sure they
start in the right tabs tighten it this
is the bulb don't believe there's gonna
be the difference in color without the
bulb on believe the blue is gonna come
through they projector that much let's
try it on really quick see if we can see
anything during the daytime
I am one's a little bit more yellowish
all right same thing over here pops out
with the gray plug
plug it out here suppose it's being
somewhat of a pain and you can see the
difference that little ridge inside
there in between the two prongs on the
h9s that's not there and then this
little gray thing on top h9s don't have
which is what some say how they get
their extra at light output but also I
believe h9s are also 65 watt or 60 watt
you
let's go it's fused box from I'm
right-handed it makes a little bit
harder there we go there clip down let's
go ahead put the cover on that is kind
of tight cuz the o-ring kind of pulls it
in and there we go
you know RMH lebens installed in a
couple of minutes put these aside for
safekeeping and that is it